1464 (#11)
geoinquiets/rafagas: _posts/2020/2020-12-07-1464.md

---
layout: rafaga
date: 2020-12-07 
rid: 1464
rafagas:

- keyw: 30daymapchallenge
  desc: 'A huge thread on Twitter that summarizes the contributions of each participant who has completed the #30daymapchallenge according to the likes achieved by each map'
  link: https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1334387344749768704.html
  via: "@assesslife"

> - keyw: 15minutescities

Reviewer: I used previously the hashtag `15mincity` after searching a bit on Twitter:

https://twitter.com/search?q=15mincity

```suggestion
- keyw: 15mincity
```

  desc: "What 15 minutes cities are like in and how \"location intelligence\" can help planning to design friendlier urban environments"
  link: https://medium.com/@datasutram/hyperlocal-15-min-cities-and-location-intelligence-e318bebdc800

- keyw: citizenscience

>   desc: 'Tracking wild animals with GPS is not enough: with Animal Tracker app you can collaborate with scientists and document what animals do and send photos when you have them available #citizenscience'

Reviewer: The hashtag will be added automatically to the Twitter messages so they are not needed in the description.

```suggestion
  desc: 'Tracking wild animals with GPS is not enough: with Animal Tracker app you can collaborate with scientists and document what animals do and send photos when you have them available'
```
